RD-1833 Update filters docs (#138)
cloudify-cosmo/cloudify-rest-docs: content/_filters.md

## The Filter Resource

A Filter resource is a set of filter-rules that can be used to filter a list of resources, based on their labels and attributes.
A filter rule is a dictionary of the following form: 
```text
{
 "key": "<key>",
 "values": [<list of values>],
 "operator": "<LabelsOperator>" or "<AttrsOperator>",
 "type": "<FilterRuleType>"
}
```
`<LabelsOperator>` can be one of: "any_of", "not_any_of", "is_null" or "is_not_null".

`<AttrsOperator>` can be one of: "any_of", "not_any_of", "contains", "not_contains", "starts_with", "ends_with", "is_not_empty".

> `<FilterRuleType>` can be one of: "label" or "attribute". If "label" is provided, then the operator must be a `<LabelsOperator>`, and if "attribute" is provided, then 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`<FilterRuleType>` can be either "label" or "attribute". If "label" is provided, then the operator must be a `<LabelsOperator>`, and if "attribute" is provided, then 
```

Author: Changed.

the operator must be an `<AttrsOperator>`. 

E.g. filtering by the following filter rules, will return all deployments that their creator name starts with "alice" or "bob", 
and have the label `environment:aws` assigned to them.

```json
[
 {
  "key": "created_by",
  "values": ["alice", "bob"],
  "operator": "starts-with",
  "type": "attribute"
 },
 {
  "key": "environment",
  "values": ["aws"],
  "operator": "any_of",
  "type": "label"
 }
]
```

**Filters can be used currently for deployments and blueprints.**

### Attributes:

Attribute | Type | Description
--------- | ------- | -------
`id` | string | The filter's ID, unique per tenant.
`value` | list | A list of the filter's filter-rules.
`labels_filter_rules` | list | A list of the filter's filter-rules of type `label`.
`attrs_filter_rules` | list | A list of the filter's filter-rules of type `attribute`.
`visibility` | string | Defines who can see the filter. Can be private, tenant or global.
`created_at` | datetime | The time when the filter was created.
`updated_at` | datetime | The time the filter was last updated at.

> `tenant_name` | string | he name of the tenant that owns the filter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`tenant_name` | string | The name of the tenant that owns the filter.
```

Author: Changed.
